I am here to show you the Wonder and
glory that is Stadium Comics
so we're here with Luca baldesarra
what's up the writer of shadow lines so
explain to us what shadow lines is okay
well basically the story on the surface
you have the Neo Athenians and the
utopian legion and the world's at war
it's a future of this earth your 2093
and yeah so we have the two factions at
war and the Neo Athenians develop a suit
that is supposed to change the tide like
to stop the stalemate and this suit has
a secret to it that there's a third
faction the shadow lines that they know
about the secret they're trying to stop
it so explain to us about the artists
cuz I know you have some special going
on with the artists the artists I wish
he could be here
but he can't cuz he lives in the
Philippines so he's a really talented
young artist name is Frost well his name
is Francis but we call him Frost because
I guess he doesn't like Francis but okay
young artists we have some of his his
art here he's a young guy he's really
talented and I hope I can keep for as
long as I possibly can because I think I
might be in love with him oh oh man
crush so that was that relationship
forged on the internet because I know it
was born and raised on the internet and
yeah we do mostly through Skype and
email so just goes to show you don't
have to state like you should say local
but you don't have to say local if
you're if you're a writer like myself
you're looking for artists you know
don't be afraid you can go to websites
like oDesk or deviantART and just just
get in contact with them just message
them because there's artists out there
looking for work just like there's
writers out there looking for artists to
work for them so you already hear first
people go on the internet to find other
artists and writers so are you gonna
collect these into a hardcover after
we're hoping to do a graphic novel
collecting the first six issues we're
working on issue five right now
it's likely to be released digitally at
first but we'll see where it goes
I almost working on other titles
something I call blink I'm hoping to
have that out by the end of the year as
well also under SGS suite so wheat well
thank you very much
Luca no problem no problem and can we
get a sound bite from flavorful sauce